this is an unrestored oliver typewriter
it was patented in 1912 this is way
before computers guys this is way before
they even standardized to type they had
a just look at how this thing works is
the thing like even regular typewriters
work so I'm restored and here's the
corona the coronas in 1917 it's actually
a British infantry world from World War
one using the British infantry because
it's compact and is designed to fold and
become very easy to transport the very
unique feature of the coronas from this
model I think this is a model number
three 1917 that's another cool feature
typewriter this little bell this one
also has a bell its built-in on the side
and this model the Oliver actually first
patent was made in 1894 I believe if you
can't see it says it right here pent in
1894 so this is one of the original just
insanely crazy concepts for typewriters
like that actions crazy